feat: middleware warning (#1425)
netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs: README.md

for information on changes to how they are handled in this version. In particular, note that `_redirects` and `_headers`
files must be placed in `public`, not in the root of the site.

> ## Next.js Middleware on Netlify
> 
> Next 12's Middleware mostly works as expected on Netlify, but check out the
> [docs on some caveats and workarounds](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs/blob/main/docs/middleware.md)
> that are currently needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next.js Middleware on Netlify

Next.js Middleware works out of the box on Netlify, but check out the
[docs on some caveats](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs/blob/main/docs/middleware.md). By default, middleware runs using SSR. For better results, you should enable [Netlify Edge Functions](#netlify-edge-functions), which ensures middleware runs at the edge.
```

### No nested middleware in Next 12.2.0

> In Next 12.2.0, nested middleware has been deprecated in favour of root level middleware. If you are running middleware
> on the origin, this means that none of your pages will be static and you won't get the benefits of using a CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Next 12.2.0, nested middleware [has been deprecated](https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/middleware-upgrade-guide) in favour of root level middleware. If you are not using edge functions then this means that you won't get the benefits of using a CDN, and ISR will not work.
```

To fix this issue, you can run your middleware on [Netlify Edge Functions](#netlify-edge-functions).

## Netlify Edge Functions

> To use Netlify Edge Functions for middleware, set the environment variable `NEXT_USE_NETLIFY_EDGE=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Netlify Edge Functions for middleware or to enable [edge server rendering](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-12-2#edge-server-rendering-experimental), set the environment variable `NEXT_USE_NETLIFY_EDGE` to `true`.
```

for information on changes to how they are handled in this version. In particular, note that `_redirects` and `_headers`
files must be placed in `public`, not in the root of the site.

## Next.js Middleware on Netlify

Next.js Middleware works out of the box on Netlify, but check out the
[docs on some caveats](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs/blob/main/docs/middleware.md). By default,
middleware runs using SSR. For better results, you should enable [Netlify Edge Functions](#netlify-edge-functions),
which ensures middleware runs at the edge.

### No nested middleware in Next 12.2.0

In Next 12.2.0, nested middleware [has been deprecated](https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/middleware-upgrade-guide) in

> favour of root level middleware. If you are not using edge functions then this means that you won't get the benefits of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
favor of root level middleware. If you are not using edge functions then this means that you won't get the benefits of
```

oops

Author: *cries in british/canadian*

If you want to use Next 12's beta Middleware feature, this will mostly work as expected but please
[read the docs on some caveats and workarounds](https://github.com/netlify/netlify-plugin-nextjs/blob/main/docs/middleware.md)

> that are currently needed. In Next 12.2.0, nested middleware has been deprecated in favour of root level middleware. If

Reviewer 2: [dust] Consider bolding the Next 12.2.0 part as a separate paragraph.
